[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LILOU: Hello my
juicy co creators.
Lilou here.
I am traveling around
the world, and today I'm
in France with-- you're actually
living in Los Angeles right?
Right now?
I mean, all around the
world, Stephanie, right?
>>STEPHANIE SOUTH:
All around the world.
All around the world, yes.
Yes.
>>LILOU: We feel
completely blessed
to have you in France today.
And this was an amazing
conference that you just
have delivered, I guess,
was the translation.
I'm very excited to
speak of your work.
So you were in couple
with Jose Arguelles right?
>>SOUTH: Yes, yes, yes.
>>LILOU: And-- but
he passed away.
Tell us about that.
First of all, this relationship.
Before we go into accessing
this multidimensional--
>>SOUTH: Well, it was a very
unique relationship, I think.
It was based on knowledge, and
it was based on something--
when we first came
together, it was--
there was a telepathic rapport.
And we remembered something.
Like a sacred covenant.
We remembered something,
and then began
a series of transmissions.
When we came together,
we would look
at each other just like this.
And it was as though
a portal opened
and all of this knowledge
started to pour through.
And it was startling
to both of us.
And it rearranged both
of our lives completely.
And a whole new knowledge
base began to come in,
and we did this-- the
initial transmissions
were over a 260 day cycle.
Every day we would
sit at the same time
for about three hours,
and just listen.
>>LILOU: Tell us,
I want to hear all
about this
information, of course,
because a lot of people,
especially on Gaiam TV,
this is a community
that is very interested
and wants to grow spiritually.
And there's this real thirst.
Do you feel this change,
is it really happening?
>>SOUTH: Well, I'm
experiencing it.
I can't speak for
anyone else, except
for the direct experience.
But what I do want
to say is it's
all about the
power of the dream.
The power of the dream.
As a child I prayed.
I prayed, show me what is new.
I want a magical life.
Show me what is new.
I don't want to live in this
world like there's-- nothing
inspired me in this world.
And so, I always prayed,
show me what is new.
And I was led on a magical path.
You know how that is.
Like the secret
doorways start to open,
and it's only-- we only know
through our direct experience
of what it is.
And so this is the magical
pathway that opened for me.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
Just to link back the
work of Jose Arguelles.
Tell us about the work that he
has done throughout his life.
Because he really
put on the calendar,
didn't he, this 2012 date,
the 21st of December.
Though it was coming
from the Maya,
he had a close relationship.
>>SOUTH: He did, you know.
And he was often very
controversial, as we know,
and very misunderstood,
actually.
What he was actually--
what he was actually doing,
and what was actually out
there, from my vantage point,
were two different things.
Because what he was trying to
do is promote a 13 moon, 28 day
calendar, which was
not really a calendar.
It was a matrix of unification.
It was a unification
matrix that included
all the other
calendars within it.
So there is no trying to
replace one with another,
though he was trying to replace
the Gregorian calendar, that's
true.
He was trying to do that.
But it was far
more vast than what
people imagine, or his level
of knowledge was very galactic
and far more vast.
And this so-called
calendar is just
to raise your frequency to open
you into this vast realm called
the synchronic order.
So.
>>LILOU: Go into this, please.
So how did your relationship--
what kind of knowledge
started to come in?
Because you start
remembering some things eh?
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
>>LILOU: Right when you met him,
or what was your life before.
How did that--
>>SOUTH: Well, you
know, I always knew.
I always followed the dream.
I always followed
the secret path.
The way that I met
him was in 1998
at the Whole Earth Festival
in Davis, California.
He had started
that in 1970, when
he was an art history professor.
And so-- but how I
was introduced to him
was somewhat unique.
My partner at the
time was the head
of the Padmasambhava Buddhist
Center in Portland, Oregon.
And he had had a dream
that he was supposed
to go honor Jose as a Terton,
or hidden treasure finder.
And so I accompanied
him, knowing nothing
about any of this.
Knowing nothing about
the Maya and nothing
about the calendar or anything.
And so I first heard him speak
then, and I felt something,
but it wasn't until 2002 when
everything began to open.
>>LILOU: Right.
Mm.
And for you the-- because
you have a specific,
you call it the Maya
consciousness, no?
Because it's--
>>SOUTH: We call
it Galactic Maya.
Not to be confused
with indigenous Maya
or any cultures.
This is the higher
dimensional knowledge
that transcends all
the nationalisms or all
of our boundaries.
It's what unifies all of us
at the higher galactic level.
It's what unifies all
the different traditions,
all the different prophecies.
This is all about unification
and unity consciousness.
>>LILOU: So how
could we-- what's
the teaching, or the process,
or how to access that?
>>SOUTH: Well, the teaching is
to-- changing our relationship
with time, and what time means.
That time is not linear.
Time is not a clock.
Time is not the calendar.
Time is a radial matrix.
It's a circle.
Like, just imagine a
mandala, and at the center
is the one divine source.
God, or the Universe.
The source energy is at
the center, pulsing out.
So past present and future
are pulsed out simultaneously
in this radial matrix of time.
And so in this radial
matrix of time,
space is an infinitely
locatable point.
Now that means that-- so,
any space you can travel to,
past, present, or future, if you
view time as radial, a circle,
the feminine cycle.
And so, we're just
being re-educated now
on the true nature of time.
Time travel, like everybody's
interested in time travel.
Or teleportation.
And getting our
magic powers back.
I mean, that's
what I'm here for.
[LAUGHTER]
>>LILOU: So, but
tell us how does
this look like on a day
to day basis, you know?
>>SOUTH: That's why he promoted
a 13 moon, 28 day calendar,
which is actually
a synchronometer,
a measure of synchronicity.
To give people something
to connect to day to day.
But it's not a calendar.
It's to enter you into
another consciousness.
It's a frequency.
And so you start
there just to give you
something to access
daily to attune you
to a higher dimensional order.
It's all about
frequency, symbols.
Everything is a code.
And these are
symbolic structures
that vibrate at a higher
resonance or frequency.
So by engaging
those structures, we
begin to vibrate at
a higher frequency.
Yeah.
>>LILOU: Earlier on
during the conference,
you were speaking of the
third, fourth, fifth, you know.
And beaming in that fifth.
Tell us, can you
tell us that again?
>>SOUTH: OK, so what we
worked-- the three bodies
which we all have.
Our third dimensional physical,
biological, conditioned,
five senses body
that we all know.
And then our fourth
dimensional body.
It's easy to understand that
that's our ethereic body,
or that our thoughts that
are interconnected right
now are invisible realm.
What's going on with us
in the invisible realms?
It's-- the fourth dimension
is the realm of our dreams,
intuition, deja vus.
That's the fourth dimension.
And then the fifth dimension
is our pure electronic body.
Because we're pure electricity.
It's our divine blueprint,
is our fifth dimensional--
like our holy guardian
angel that we're
aspiring to merge with and
to become, and to become
our highest self, is
the fifth dimension.
And that's the
analogy that we use.
And it's pretty easy
to understand in
that we're all trying to
integrate those three bodies.
Not to push the
third dimension away
in favor of just going
to higher consciousness.
We have to integrate all of
that into our daily life,
and to really work with
our emotional bodies
in order to up level that.
That's the only way we can
access the higher dimensions.
>>LILOU: How many
dimensions is there?
>>SOUTH: I think there's
many, many dimensions.
We work with the 13
dimensional model.
And the 13 dimensional model--
we're in the third dimension
here, right?
And then the seven-- it goes
fourth dimension, fifth, sixth.
The sixth dimension is
like the angelic realms.
And then the seventh
dimensional is
like the speaking
tube of the source.
And then there's mirror
universes that fold over.
The 8 through 13 fold
over on one through six.
So you can see everything
folds up like a book.
Everything is an
overlay of dimensions.
And so, many people work
with-- that's not the only way
to work with it,
but it's the way
that's easiest to understand.
Other people work with
18 dimensional, 21.
But I've had experience with
this 13 dimensional universe,
actually, when I was writing
the latest synthesis, or book.
And so, I know it's real.
It's from direct experience.
It's not-- that's what's
different about this path,
is because it gives
you codes and a system
to have direct experience.
Because that's what
we're all seeking.
It's not just some theory,
these like-- you can feel it.
>>LILOU: Yeah, so
tell us, I want
to get more into
your world, you know.
And feel what it is like.
Can you translate that for us?
Going into-- how does it
feel, what does it look like?
What do you do there?
What for?
>>SOUTH: You're talking
about the inner world?
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
Well first, I feel
like we're all here
to bring more light
to this world.
And we all know that the
way that this world is,
there's-- like I said,
when I was a child, I said,
show me what's new.
Like, I didn't have any
career that I wanted to be.
And you may have
felt the same way.
It's like, you look
out there, and it's
like, everything's been done.
What can I do, or how can I do?
And so, what was granted
for me, and to others,
who I think had a similar
prayer, is a new knowledge.
It gives you brand
new perceptions.
Like the way that I
perceive the world.
I think it up levels
your perception,
so that you're not just looking
at it through tunnel vision
from your-- just
your 3D daily dramas.
You're looking at it
from a cosmic perspective
of our place in the cosmos.
So you're not just concerned
with our little lives
that we're living down here.
Because we're living out
several other dimensions
simultaneously.
And that's comforting
to think about.
It's not just this.
It's many other
things simultaneously.
So we're just waking up
to this multidimensional
being that we are.
And we are everything,
each of us.
Yeah.
>>LILOU: Going through
around the world, you know,
I get to meet people that
are working on the ley
lines, or the Earth,
and helping the Earth,
and helping this transition.
Is that part of the work?
>>SOUTH: Oh, completely.
It's all part of the work.
Jose's vision was of the whole
Earth becoming a work of art.
So basically, instead of
time is money, time is art.
And so, the Earth is our
greatest art project,
and we're supposed to
make it a masterpiece.
And so, yeah.
All of those, the
ley lines, everything
is being activated right now.
The pyramids are all connected.
Everything is totally connected.
And I think right
now, more than ever,
you know, 2012
passed-- for myself,
that was an inner event.
And I noted many changes
occurred after that for me.
But not in the same
way as all the hype
that you hear about it.
It was more of an internal,
personal, personal thing.
And then July 26, 2013 we had
a ceremony in Mount Shasta
to open the doors to
the new galactic beam.
Or the new information
that's coming in.
And we're all-- I
think many of us
are starting to feel there's
a new energy that's coming in.
>>LILOU: Tell us
about those beams.
>>SOUTH: So the galactic
beam, that's a -- like,
you can imagine that, how
does new knowledge come
to our planet?
How does new knowledge--
how do we get new ideas,
or how does new
knowledge come in?
Well, in this,
the galactic beam,
new knowledge is focalized
from different star
systems like Sirius,
or the Pleiades.
They have higher
intelligence than we do.
And when the time is right,
they focalize new energy to us
through the sun.
Through the sunspot cycles.
Through the solar flares.
And it activates our
DNA, and up levels us.
And if we're open to
receive, I know a lot of it
is coming through the dream time
right now, where I've actually
been dreaming new animals
that I've never seen before.
Or, you know, and you
just start thinking,
what are the new colors?
How can we-- what is new?
That's always been
my lifelong journey.
>>LILOU: The new songs that
you were saying earlier.
>>SOUTH: The new songs.
Yeah.
Yeah, the new music.
The music of the future.
What is it?
What's the new art forms?
What?
Because this world
as we know it,
you can see how much suffering,
and how much depression,
and we need new visions.
We need something exciting.
We need something
totally new and alive.
And so, this is
just-- for myself,
I just share the information.
There's nothing that I'm, like,
wanting anybody else to do,
or anything like that.
But just sharing that I've had
direct experiences with working
with this system
that are incredible.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
What are some of the
latest teachings?
I know you're completing
the seventh, is that right?
>>SOUTH: I completed that.
It's called the--
>>LILOU: He asked
you to complete it?
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
So he passed away in
2011, before 2012.
None of us could believe
it, including me.
We were living very
secluded in Australia,
finishing-- doing a lot of
internal experimentations--
drug free.
Internal experimentations
with different states
of consciousness.
To see-- just to see what
effect that it might have,
working a lot telepathically,
and to put more light
into the planet.
And so, when he left, we were
living in the Australian Bush,
and he asked me to complete
the seventh volume.
And I didn't know how
I was going to do it,
it's very advanced material.
It took tremendous
concentration.
But he told me he
would help dictate it
after he crossed over.
And he did.
Because I was in a
deep place of suffering
during that time,
and I heard him.
And I completed it.
So I felt really,
really, happy that I
completed what we started.
>>LILOU: Is this part of
connecting to other dimensions,
too?
To be able to have these--
I mean, where is he--
where is he?
>>SOUTH: Yeah, he's
in another dimension.
In multi dimensions, I
think, simultaneously.
Yeah, yeah.
>>LILOU: So are you able to hear
him clearly through the dreams,
or when did that happen?
>>SOUTH: I had
him-- right after he
passed away, I could
feel him a lot.
I used to-- I could
hear his voice,
I could just-- I
felt him very close.
And so, he was with
me through the time
that I completed
the seventh volume.
I would hear him say, OK.
Like, put this
graphic over here.
Go get this notebook.
Like, OK, this is the piece
of information that you need.
Because, when I look
at it, there's no way
I could have done it alone.
I didn't do it.
>>LILOU: And some
of that information?
Tell us.
>>SOUTH: So, the
final teachings were
called something that's
called-- it's a cube.
It's working with-- it's
all a mathematical system,
by the way.
This whole system
is a very elegant
symmetrical mathematics.
Like it's all number.
Everything-- number
is vibration.
And so, it's very scientific,
and very systematic, actually.
So, the final teachings
that I'm working with now
are what's called
the cube matrix.
And what that-- how
that translates,
and how I've seen
it in my dreams,
is that we're being inserted,
like, with a new nano chip,
for lack of a better word,
into our mind, a new program.
A new, something
that's up levelled.
And this is working
with that matrix,
because everything is a matrix.
Everything is number.
And so, working with
this specific matrix.
Because, ultimately, we
have to become the internet.
We have to become
the internet in our--
like I was saying at the talk,
that all technology was first
thought in our mind.
We have the power.
We have the power, and
ultimately, technology
can only get so small, until
you have to go to telepathy.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
So this is like the
transition for us
to go beyond what we think
we're capable of doing?
>>SOUTH: Exactly.
And it's all about
working with our mind
and seeing what
can we really do?
What are we really capable of?
And what are these-- We've
done different telepathic
experiments, actually, with
some of the Russian scientists.
We just did one
for the third year
anniversary of Jose's passing.
And a lot of different,
like, telepathic experiments.
We have different
communities that
were practicing different
telepathic experiments,
because we've barely
utilized our mind.
And so, it's like, these
are systems in order
to experiment with different
levels of telepathy,
of time travel,
teleportation eventually.
And all this is really
possible through our mind.
We don't need a
machine or technology.
>>LILOU: I haven't heard you
talk about the heart yet,
but I guess it plays
an important role.
And you love that
topic don't you?
>>SOUTH: Yeah, it's
my favorite topic.
And yours, too?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, it's my favorite topic.
No, like we said at the talk,
that the number one, the number
one precept to all
of this is love.
Love above everything.
Because without love,
knowledge is dead.
It's nothing without the heart.
And so, you can't-- all of this
knowledge that came was born
through love.
This whole seven
volume series was
born through tremendous
love and trust.
And actually, Jose taught
me unconditional love.
And what people
don't know, like,
he was so loving,
and so-- and, only
through unconditional
love-- I didn't know.
I was 29 when I came into this.
OK?
When I came in.
But I knew immediately
that it was my destiny.
And he-- we started at the
very, very top of information.
So I was studying,
meditating, all the time.
Just nonstop.
And locked in my room
for hours and hours.
And after he passed away,
I spent a year and a half
in mostly solitude in
the Australian outback.
And so, only recently have
I come into the world.
And I didn't know how
I was going to do it.
I didn't know.
I just-- I prayed a lot.
>>LILOU: And living
from the heart is truly
a place that feels great, right?
We're connected then
to all dimensions.
Is that a portal, too?
What's going on here?
>>SOUTH: Absolutely.
Like we were saying,
you can't even
talk about higher dimensions
if you're not first in love.
If you're not first
connected to the heart.
And like we said, it's
like clearing the heart,
and loving, and really
embracing everyone.
It doesn't mean that we
have to work with everybody,
or do-- you know.
We work with people,
but we know in our heart
that we're all one.
And that we know that there's
this deep, profound love
that we feel, and this
interconnectedness
with everything that lives.
And my feeling is--
in the connection
with the creator is that's where
all this knowledge comes from.
Like, it couldn't-- you couldn't
just have knowledge without
having love.
To me, it goes hand in hand.
And to me now, but
it's like, it's
simultaneously the
heart and the mind.
We do have to develop both
of them simultaneously.
But you can't really get
here until you're here.
Otherwise, you're just,
like, cold and dead.
Yeah.
>>LILOU: What is your advice on
dealing with these times where
we feel the energies
pouring down,
and it's kind of shaking us, and
it could be difficult at times.
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
It's been very intense time.
That's for sure.
It's been a very challenging
time for many of us.
I know many people
are leaving the planet
right now through--
sometimes through suicides.
There's so much depression and
things happening right now.
And all I can say is,
like, that we just really
have to let go and surrender,
and let the higher force come
into us, and allow
ourselves to really
be filled with the spirit.
It's the only way, because we
have to just get out of our way
and let it come in.
Because I never thought--
there's so much,
there's so much
suffering, and there's so
many people that need help.
And you're helping
so many people.
And like I told you
before, I love you so much.
You've done-- I've
seen your work.
It's wonderful.
So, but yeah, the
love is the key.
That's more important
than everything.
And like I said, that's
why it's through the love,
and through the wanting
to help other people
that new things are coming in.
Because we need a higher vision.
We need something higher.
We need new knowledge
that inspires us
and that up levels us, and--
>>LILOU: Is there some
exercise, or some practices
to do to open ourselves,
open our body,
allow this energy to come
in, and to-- I guess rest
is a big one.
>>SOUTH: Right.
Rest is a really good one.
Well, the exercise that
we were just doing, really
tuning into our third, fourth,
and fifth dimensional bodies.
In our fifth dimensional
body, that's our pure love.
That's the pure love body.
That's the body that's our
unconditional friend that
never leaves us.
That always loves
us no matter what
we do no, no matter how
bad we think we are.
It always is loving
us all the time.
And so, that's really important.
And in this path,
there's a whole series
of exercises that
have been laid out
to access, say, the fourth
or fifth dimensions.
And you can go as slow
or fast as you want.
The first one is following
the 13 moon, 28 day calendar.
Sounds so simple, and so
deceptively like, what is this?
But it really is
the doorway that
opens up to this
whole other realm.
There's many practices on
our website, lawoftime.org,
and in all of these--
the cosmic history
lays out a lot of
different lessons.
But the heart is number one.
Yeah.
>>LILOU: Yeah, because
sometimes the heart
it takes to simply lay down
and ask for help, right?
There's many beings
ready to help us.
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
My visualization, or what
always helps me if I feel,
if I feel really
overwhelmed, especially.
That's a big one right now.
Because we can never
get it all done.
No matter how hard we
try, the to-do list
grows and grows and grows.
Doesn't it?
Yeah, so what I always
visualize myself bowing down
to the light, to this light
that's way bigger than me.
And I just say, I give up.
I surrender.
Please guide me and
help me because it's
impossible to do this alone.
It's impossible to go
through this time right now
and not be completely depressed,
or addicted to something,
or whatever, if you
don't have the spirit.
And that's what
we're saying, it's
a time to return to our essence.
>>LILOU: Yeah, and
to be open to receive
the help from the invisible.
Not everybody has this
capacity, or this access,
or conscious access,
I should say,
to multidimensional levels.
But at least we can
be open to receiving.
Do you have a favorite prayer?
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
I have many, many
prayers that I do.
I do the seven line-- the
prayer to the seven directions.
I do the seven line prayer.
I do a Muslim prayer, a
Christian prayer, a Buddhist
prayer.
I like to incorporate all
of the different energies
into the morning practice.
And I love to design
my own morning program
that I change a lot
of times so that you
can feel all the
different energies of all
the different people.
And so-- and I want to say about
this multidimensional-- it's
not-- it's just what we are.
It's just so-- it's actually,
really, it's our wholeness.
It's just us returning
to our wholeness.
It's not even
anything-- it sounds
like, wow,
multidimensional, far out.
But it's really just us, like,
just surrendering to the moment
and allowing the
wholeness to come in.
>>LILOU: Yeah, it seems
there's a lot of steps
and a lot of exercise.
I remember having conversations
with Drunvalo Melchizedek,
and there's this and that to do.
And it gets quite
complex or overwhelming,
when we really want to
live in the present moment.
>>SOUTH: I completely
agree with that, too.
>>LILOU: Can we get any more
simple, like, more simple,
and more-- can we?
>>SOUTH: You know what?
I feel that it's all
becoming so simple now,
that it really, really, is.
Like all of these
practices and codes,
these were-- why
do we do all those?
First.
Why do we do them?
We do them because
we're raising--
we're trying to
raise our frequency
and concentrate on something
other than our daily dramas.
To concentrate on
something else,
on increasing our
continuing consciousness,
so that we're able to stay
conscious at a higher level
for longer.
It's a means to an end.
Because ultimately all that,
none of it-- ultimately,
everything is illusion.
And we all go back to
the source, to the light.
But while we're here,
we're given-- some of us
are given to develop our heart
and our mind simultaneously.
But I completely
know what you're
saying, that sometimes it's just
so overwhelming, that we just
want to-- and getting into
the sort of feminine cycle,
now we want to just-- we've been
so do, do, do, do, do, go, go,
go, go, go, we're just
ready to just like, be,
and to relax, and
to be nurtured now.
Yeah, so that's all true, too.
>>LILOU: Yeah, and it
seems too, that it's just
a matter of receiving,
too, sometimes.
And being-- opening up to it.
There are some special places
around the world that you love,
Mount Shasta is one of them.
There are some places
where we receive more.
What's going on in those places?
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
Well, Mount Shasta, I feel,
is a really special place.
But I feel like there's
different-- I believe
in the intraterrestrial
civilizations there.
I've had experiences through my
meditations, and I feel them.
I know.
I just came back from five
weeks in Mount Shasta.
Or I came, there,
LA, and then here.
But it was so powerful.
And I forgot how inspiring
and empowering that is,
to go to such a pure
place, where the water,
you can drink it from the tap.
And it's crystalline, and
you-- pure water is gold.
Pure water is the most
wonderful, wonderful thing.
And so, yeah, there's many
different sacred spaces
right now.
But it's really about us
returning to our essence.
>>LILOU: Tell us more of
that intraterrestrial?
>>SOUTH: Well, I believe that--
>>LILOU: Activity,
what is going on?
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
Well, I believe that
they're monitoring us
in a benevolent way.
Like, trying to give us
help in telepathic messages
when they can.
But right now, they
don't want to come
to the surface of the
Earth because it's
too violent and aggressive,
and there's too much
suffering here.
And so they're working
within the core of the Earth.
Like, within the
center of the Earth.
The Earth is a crystal
core at the center.
And so there's--
Jose used to say,
"Within the Earth
is another Earth.
It knows us, though
we know it not."
And so, there's another Earth
that is residing in there.
There's civilizations in there,
just like our star brothers
and sisters are here.
And so, they're
all over the place.
We're the intermediaries
between heaven and Earth.
>>LILOU: I also heard
that we have multi--
like, the universes
are out there.
Many, many, universes.
But we also have
some inside, and it
gets smaller and smaller inside.
>>SOUTH: Well,
that's interesting.
>>LILOU: That we
were-- I mean, we're
just-- it's just a big hologram.
And there's so much going on.
>>SOUTH: It is.
It's a big hologram, and we
need some more ventilation
in the hologram.
To puncture some
more light in there.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I believe all that.
But when things become too
complicated, and we have,
you know, star systems,
dimensions, everything, I just
go back to the One.
Go back to the One,
and then start again.
And then see what
the One tells you.
You know, you just
surrender back to the One.
And then the information starts
kind of whispering itself in,
and it builds on itself.
And it's like, we
have an internal GPS
system when we just listen.
And you know, it tells you
what to do and where to go.
>>LILOU: Is nutrition,
food, something
essential in being conscious
and open and receiving?
>>SOUTH: Yeah, yeah.
Totally, totally.
I'm vegetarian.
Mostly vegan.
And I feel like
that's a huge thing.
I know for myself, you just
want to get lighter and lighter.
You just want to feel lighter
and lighter and lighter.
And I think that's
key minerals, and we
know that our soil is depleted.
But it's a whole
person, whole system.
We have to account
for all parts.
Not just our mental, not
just our emotional, but we
have to do all of it.
Mental, emotional,
physical, everything
is part of our wholeness.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
I see you drink a lot of
water when you speak, eh?
>>SOUTH: I'm trying.
>>LILOU: Don't forget,
you're conscious.
You stay there.
>>SOUTH: I'm trying.
Because I've been so dehydrated
after the plane ride.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>>LILOU: No, that's
interesting to observe.
I love this moment.
So is there some
particular aspects
of the teaching that
you would like to talk?
Though before that, I just
have a little question
regarding the extraterrestrials.
Your relationship?
>>SOUTH: With the
extraterrestrials, yeah.
Well, OK.
How should I answer?
Which part?
>>LILOU: Do you
connect with them?
Do you have experiences
at something?
Do you receive
information from it?
What is your--
>>SOUTH: So, well, my initial
activation, and how I met Jose,
and how I was led to him
was through my first visit
to Mexico in 2000, when
I went to Palenque.
And the night before--
we were with nine people,
and the night before, the
sky was full of ships.
I'd never seen them
before, and we all
saw there was a big
mother ship in the sky.
And I could not only
see it, but I felt it,
like activating
and reverberating
through my whole body.
It was like this sound that was
going through my whole body.
And then the next
day, I was taken
to the tomb of Pakal Votan,
the tomb of the Red Queen, all
the different tombs there.
And I knew that-- and
I had a vision there
of how all of the
pyramids are connected
through this electronic
lines of force.
And that when all those
were fully connected,
then our planet lights up
and the game board changes.
And so, that was through the
UFO then, when I was living in--
Jose used to see
them all the time.
He was a contactee.
He would always receive.
He would receive what
he called opticals.
A lot of his information came
through opticals, where--
he didn't drive anymore,
because his field of vision
would go out, and he would
just see geometrical shapes
and pulsations and lights
that he would draw.
And then for like
two weeks straight
he would be downloading
incredibly dense information
that was received.
So, after he passed away, about
a year after he passed away,
I was praying.
I was on a meditation
retreat at my place.
Doing work, catching up on work.
And I went outside and I saw
four ships right above-- right
outside my house.
And at first I thought,
are those really ships?
Are those really ships?
And then I felt them again.
And it told me that I had to
leave everything in Australia,
after seven years, to leave
everything in Australia
and go to Palenque
for December 21, 2012.
And I knew if I left, I
couldn't re-- I would never--
I couldn't return.
I just had to go.
So I've been basically
traveling ever since that.
I ignored the message at
first, and they came back.
Three days later,
they appeared again.
And I got the same message,
and I got information
about the star Sirius
simultaneously,
that these were pulsing me.
And so, a lot of these codes are
connected with, say, the mother
ship.
That's been my experience
through the dreams.
That these cube codes are
like part of the control
panels of the mother
ship that's been shown
to me through-- my
medicine is through dreams,
or clairvoyant dreams.
And that's how--
before I met Jose,
I would dream a
man was teaching me
time travel in many different
locations all over the planet.
And so, and then
I met him, and I
saw his face was the same
as the man in my dream.
And so, many things
like that happen to me.
So when my night
dreams would start
to blend with the
daydream, and so that's
what set me on my
journey, and I got help.
Yeah, I got help.
>>LILOU: No, but how do you
deal with all this information?
Because that's a
lot to deal with.
How do you integrate all that?
>>SOUTH: It's my
whole life, see?
Because, since 2002, it's
literally all I've been doing.
Because I was given-- I knew
it was my responsibility
to receive this
transmission, and I
knew it's what I had
waited for my whole life.
And so, it was like--
a divine covenant
is the only way
that I can say it.
And so I knew it was
something I was remembering
from another universe,
another place.
And so-- and a lot of times,
I would put the information
under my pillow and dream
about it, and things like that.
But a lot of meditation
and a lot of study.
But I just knew
that it was my path.
And all of a sudden, what
happens after a period of time
is it starts to
put you together.
Like, it, so you know how you
study, and you're thinking,
oh, this is laborious.
I'm like studying and
studying and studying.
And I'm meditating
and meditating.
And then, all of a sudden,
in a flash, you get it.
And everything makes sense,
and you feel completely whole.
And you're just, like,
that's what this is.
It's like, these
are memory codes.
And so, what keeps
you inspired doing
them is they keep tapping
different memories
of other worlds, other times.
And it would just keep
opening me up, right?
When sometimes it was very
difficult and very strenuous,
because I gave up my whole life
for this information, and to be
the carrier of this
information, which
is known as the GM108X,
or Galactic Mayan Mind
Transmission.
Gotta have something
new to talk about.
>>LILOU: Yeah, I like that.
So this is how it's called.
This is how you call it?
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
That's what it's called, yeah.
The GM108X Galactic
Mayan Mind Transmission.
And so, that's what would
happen when Jose and I would
get together, it was
like, we locked in,
and we were transported
somewhere else.
And we became, you
know, you could
see every being in each other.
OK?
You know, you can--
because each of us
contains the full-- each
of us contains everything.
All of the-- everything's
inside of us.
And so, when two people come
together and recognize that,
that's powerful.
>>LILOU: So whether
we remember or not,
maybe people time travel,
but they don't remember it.
Maybe we wake up in the morning,
but something has happened.
Right?
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>LILOU: There's many more
of those dreams, yeah?
Those Akashic records that
all of a sudden those past
lives, that we can
remember all of that, but--
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
>>LILOU: It is so, I mean,
it is quite something
to hear this
information, from my end.
And then to integrate it.
And I'm wondering how you're
doing to be in this reality
then.
You know?
>>SOUTH: Yeah, I know, I know.
>>LILOU: Is it boring?
>>SOUTH: Yeah, yeah.
Well, no, because everything--
I'm never, ever, ever, bored,
ever.
Like, everything is fascinating.
And it's like everything
is new all the time.
And I think that's how
we're supposed to be.
Where everything is
new all the time.
And it's not-- to me
it's natural, I guess,
just because I've been
doing it for so long,
and it's really my whole--
I don't do anything else.
Like, we unplugged for a period
of time of media, of everything
like that, in order to
explore something new
for the human race.
Like, what is possible,
what can we do?
And I'll give you one
example, I don't know,
are we good on time right now?
OK.
I'll give you just a real
time, or a real life example.
When I was writing
this synthesis,
accessing your
multidimensional self,
I was in Hawaii
on the big island.
And I was working on
the part of dimensions.
And I started to
get really heavy.
It was so much information.
And that happens a lot, OK?
You get really, really, heavy,
and I went and I laid down,
and I realized, when
you shift dimensions,
there's almost like a
sound that you feel it
through your solar plexus.
There's an actual
palpable, it's like
chr-chr-chr-chr-chr-chr-chr.
Like you can feel it.
And I realized, wow.
Like, I was half dreaming, half
kind of in a hypnagogic state.
And I was like, I'm in
the seventh dimension.
This is the-- like the
speaking tube of God,
the mirrorless resonator at the
center of the mirror universes.
OK.
You'll-- once
I've-- and then, OK.
So then, I got, like, spit out
into a mirror universe that
was exactly like we're
experiencing right now,
but it was us in a really
slowed down mirror universe.
We were so whole.
Everything was so loving.
And we were whispering things
to ourselves over here.
Saying remember, do this now.
And it was like, but I knew
it was the mirror universe.
I was reading the
same book that I
was reading in this
universe, which
was Yogananda, The
Second Coming of Christ.
I love that book.
And so I was reading that
in this mirror universe,
and I realized, wow,
this is for real.
Like, we can really
access these.
At the same time, I
was out for two hours
and there was a 5.7
earthquake in Hawaii.
I didn't feel anything.
And people were--
when I got out of it,
people were emailing me and
everything, and I thought,
is this what
happened to the Maya?
They shifted dimensions,
and so they-- I said,
would this be helpful for
the coming world events?
For us to be able to know
how to shift dimensions?
Those are the thoughts
that I was having.
So just to give you a real time.
>>LILOU: That becomes
real practical then.
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
Yeah, it's a real time example.
But this is all, for me,
very direct experiences.
And anybody can have them.
Because like, I grew up in a
trailer park with my father.
You know, like I didn't--
all I had was my inner dream.
All I had was the inner dream.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
And you must feel
so good to-- now
being able to express
it, and share it.
Because we, sometimes
a lot of people
have to go through this time,
where as a kid you suppress it,
eh?
>>SOUTH: Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, yeah.
It does feel good to share it.
Although I really
relish my internal time
more than anything,
because it's so rich.
And I share if I'm called
to, but I don't seek it.
>>LILOU: Anything else that
you would like today, as far
as maybe relationships,
or the sacred feminine,
or whatever speaks to your
heart right now to say.
>>SOUTH: Well, that's the key.
The masculine and the
feminine, of course,
is the key to
absolutely everything.
And that was part of
this whole process
that Jose and I were undergoing,
was the transmission of, say,
knowledge from the masculine
to the feminine, symbolically.
That's what we were doing
to balance the scales.
But that's at the
root of everything.
The harmony between the
masculine and feminine we know.
That's the key to
healing the planet.
Because when the masculine and
feminine is in total harmony,
there won't be any more war.
There won't be any
more prostitution,
which is fed by-- which
comes with the war.
It's like sex and death.
Those are the two
things that we're
overcoming on this
planet, or that we're
redeeming on this planet.
Sex and death, false
spirituality and materialism.
And so--
>>LILOU: And we're fearful.
>>SOUTH: And were fearful, yeah.
>>LILOU: So many things.
>>SOUTH: I know, I know.
Well, we're here to help people
not be so fearful anymore.
Getting all this knowledge
and information out,
and hopefully creating a
loving space for everybody
to be, and to share, and to
know that whatever experiences
that they're having,
that are not so far out.
That we're all
beginning to have them,
and I think more and more.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
And thank you for opening
up and having the courage
to speak your truth,
and share with us.
I mean, I think it
takes a lot courage
to get to be there
in that place.
>>SOUTH: Yeah, I think so.
I think so.
Definitely.
Thank you so much, and for
everything that you do, yeah.
>>LILOU: You are so welcome.
>>SOUTH: Yeah.
Thank you.
I love you.
>>LILOU: I love
you, much much love.
Delicious co creators watching
this video, thank you.
Please comment.
Put some of your
thoughts in there,
or other information,
maybe that you have.
Don't hesitate.
Let's get the
conversation rolling.
Much, much love.